# Data Query AI Agent## OverviewThis project comprises a web application that allowsusers to upload data files, such as CSV, JSON, or Excel sheets,and ask questions directly to the data. A custom AI agent, based on OpenAI,analyzes the data and provides responses.## Setup Instructions### PrerequisitesBefore you start, please ensure you have taken the following steps:1. OpenAI API Key: You should have an OpenAI account and   an API key. Once you have your API key, create a `.env`   file at the root of your project directory and add your   API key as follows:```bashAPI_KEY=Your_OpenAI_API_Key```Make sure to replace `Your_OpenAI_API_Key` with your actualAPI key.2. nstall FastAPI and Uvicorn: This application runs on   the FastAPI framework and uses Uvicorn as an ASGI server.   If you have not installed these yet,   you can do so using pip:```bashpip install fastapi uvicorn```These commands install FastAPI and Uvicorn onyour machine, setting up the environment required forrunning the application.### Usage1. Run the server:```bashpython main.py```To run the server, use uvicorn:```bashuvicorn main:app --reload```2. Navigate to `http://localhost:8000` in your web browser. The interface allows you to upload data files and ask   questions regarding the data.### NotePlease ensure the data files are correctly formatted. The application can handle `.csv`, `.json`, and `.xlsx` (Excel)files. For Excel files, you need to specify the sheet name in the provided field.## Features* **Upload Files:** Users can upload one file at a time. The AI agent will read the data and get ready to respond to the  queries.* **Ask Questions:** Users can ask any questions related to the uploaded data. The AI agent uses the data to generate a  suitable response.## StructureThe project is structured as follows:- `templates/home.html`: This file contains the HTML for the web application's interface.- `data_ai/data_processor.py`: This file contains the main logic of the AI agent. It is responsible for reading the  uploaded files and creating the AI agent.- `main.py`: This is the entry point of the application. It uses FastAPI to create the web server and defines the routes  for uploading files and asking questions.